spec-js.md, before:

# Specifications for the Rails with jQuery Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use jQuery for implementing new requirements

- [ ] Include a show resource rendered using jQuery and an Active Model Serialization JSON backend.

- [ ] Include an index resource rendered using jQuery and an Active Model Serialization JSON backend.

- [ ] Include at least one has_many relationship in information rendered via JSON and appended to the DOM.
  + could I use projects has many tasks?

- [ ] Use your Rails API and a form to create a resource and render the response without a page refresh.
  + create a new task
  + edit task  

- [ ] Translate JSON responses into js model objects.
  + ??????

- [ ] At least one of the js model objects must have at least one method added by your code to the prototype.
  + ??????

Confirm
- [ ] You have a large number of small Git commits
- [ ] Your commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
- [ ] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message

Commit message:

Add task button renders form

spec-js.md, after:

# Specifications for the Rails with jQuery Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use jQuery for implementing new requirements

- [x] Include a show resource rendered using jQuery and an Active Model Serialization JSON backend.
  + clicking on task renders task info

- [ ] Include an index resource rendered using jQuery and an Active Model Serialization JSON backend.
  + home page ?

- [ ] Include at least one has_many relationship in information rendered via JSON and appended to the DOM.
  + could I use projects has many tasks?

- [ ] Use your Rails API and a form to create a resource and render the response without a page refresh.
  + create a new task
  + edit task  

- [ ] Translate JSON responses into js model objects.
  + ??????

- [ ] At least one of the js model objects must have at least one method added by your code to the prototype.
  + ??????

Confirm
- [ ] You have a large number of small Git commits
- [ ] Your commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
- [ ] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message
